doc: say how to bootstrap a pnpm lockfile with managed pnpm (#651)
aspect-build/rules_js: docs/faq.md

Yes, just run `bazel run -- @pnpm//:pnpm --dir $PWD` followed by the usual arguments to pnpm.

If you're bootstrapping a new project, you'll need to add this to your WORKSPACE:

```starlark
load("@aspect_rules_js//npm:npm_import.bzl", "pnpm_repository")

pnpm_repository(name = "pnpm")
```

This defines the `@pnpm` repository so that you can create the lockfile with
`bazel run -- @pnpm//:pnpm --dir $PWD install --lockfile-only`, and then once the file exists you'll
be able to add the `pnpm_translate_lock` to the `WORKSPACE` which requires the lockfile.

> Consider documenting this as a good practice for your team, so that all developers run the exact same pnpm and node versions that Bazel does.

Reviewer: The `this` is a bit ambiguous here; it's not 100% clear what it refers to. I.e. it could refer to the bootstrapping, but it really doesn't. Perhaps something like this?
```suggestion
Consider documenting running pnpm through bazel as a good practice for your team, so that all developers run the exact same pnpm and node versions that Bazel does.
```
